# Stretchy::Attributes::Type::ConstantKeyword [](#class-Stretchy::Attributes::Type::ConstantKeyword) [](#top)
The ConstantKeyword attribute type

This class is used to define a constant_keyword attribute for a model. This field type is a specialization of the keyword field, but it only accepts a single value.

### Parameters

- `type:` `:constant_keyword`.
- `options:` The Hash of options for the attribute.
   - `:doc_values:` The Boolean indicating if the field should be stored on disk in a column-stride fashion. Defaults to true.
   - `:eager_global_ordinals:` The Boolean indicating if global ordinals should be loaded eagerly on refresh. Defaults to false.
   - `:fields:` The Hash of multi-fields for the same string value to be indexed in multiple ways.
   - `:ignore_above:` The Integer limit for the length of the string. Strings longer than this limit will not be indexed. Defaults to 2147483647.
   - `:index:` The Boolean indicating if the field should be quickly searchable. Defaults to true.
   - `:index_options:` The String indicating what information should be stored in the index for scoring purposes. Defaults to 'docs'.
   - `:meta:` The Hash metadata about the field.
   - `:norms:` The Boolean indicating if field-length should be taken into account when scoring queries. Defaults to false.
   - `:null_value:` The String value to be substituted for any explicit null values. Defaults to null.
   - `:on_script_error:` The String defining what to do if the script defined by the :script parameter throws an error at indexing time. Can be 'fail' or 'continue'.
   - `:script:` The String script that will index values generated by this script, rather than reading the values directly from the source.
   - `:store:` The Boolean indicating if the field value should be stored and retrievable separately from the _source field. Defaults to false.
   - `:similarity:` The String scoring algorithm or similarity to be used. Defaults to 'BM25'.
   - `:normalizer:` The String pre-processor for the keyword prior to indexing. Defaults to null.
   - `:split_queries_on_whitespace:` The Boolean indicating if full text queries should split the input on whitespace. Defaults to false.
   - `:time_series_dimension:` The Boolean indicating if the field is a time series dimension. Defaults to false.
   - `:value:` The String value to associate with all documents in the index.

---

### Examples

#### Define a constant_keyword attribute

```ruby
  class MyModel < StretchyModel
    attribute :status, :constant_keyword, value: 'active'
  end
```
    
## Constants
| Name | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| **OPTIONS[](#OPTIONS)** | Not Documented |

# Public Instance Methods

      
## type() [](#method-i-type)
         
  
        
---

