# Stretchy::Attributes::Type::DateTime [](#class-Stretchy::Attributes::Type::DateTime) [](#top)
The DateTime attribute type

This class is used to define a datetime attribute for a model. It provides support for the Elasticsearch date data type, which is a type of data type that can hold dates.

### Parameters

- `type:` `:datetime`.
- `options:` The Hash of options for the attribute.
   - `:doc_values:` The Boolean indicating if the field should be stored on disk in a column-stride fashion. Defaults to true.
   - `:format:` The String date format(s) that can be parsed. Defaults to 'strict_date_optional_time||epoch_millis'.
   - `:locale:` The String locale to use when parsing dates. Defaults to the ROOT locale.
   - `:ignore_malformed:` The Boolean indicating if malformed numbers should be ignored. Defaults to false.
   - `:index:` The Boolean indicating if the field should be quickly searchable. Defaults to true.
   - `:null_value:` The Date value to be substituted for any explicit null values. Defaults to null.
   - `:on_script_error:` The String defining what to do if the script defined by the :script parameter throws an error at indexing time. Can be 'fail' or 'continue'.
   - `:script:` The String script that will index values generated by this script, rather than reading the values directly from the source.
   - `:store:` The Boolean indicating if the field value should be stored and retrievable separately from the _source field. Defaults to false.
   - `:meta:` The Hash metadata about the field.

---

### Examples

#### Define a datetime attribute

```ruby
  class MyModel < StretchyModel
    attribute :created_at, :datetime, format: 'strict_date_optional_time||epoch_millis', locale: 'en'
  end
```
    
## Constants
| Name | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| **OPTIONS[](#OPTIONS)** | Not Documented |

# Public Class Methods

      
## new(**args) [](#method-c-new)
         
  
        
---


# Public Instance Methods

      
## type() [](#method-i-type)
         
  
        
---


## type_for_database() [](#method-i-type_for_database)
         
Returns the type `:date` for the database.  
        
---

