# class Stretchy::Attributes::Type::Wildcard [](#class-Stretchy::Attributes::Type::Wildcard) [](#top)
Defines a wildcard attribute for the model. This field type is a specialization of the keyword field, but it supports wildcard searches.

<dl class="rdoc-list note-list">
<dt>opts
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The <a href="Hash.html"><code>Hash</code></a> options used to refine the attribute (default: {}):</p>
<dl class="rdoc-list note-list">
<dt>:doc_values
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The <a href="Boolean.html"><code>Boolean</code></a> indicating if the field should be stored on disk in a column-stride fashion. Defaults to true.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:eager_global_ordinals
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The <a href="Boolean.html"><code>Boolean</code></a> indicating if global ordinals should be loaded eagerly on refresh. Defaults to false.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:fields
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The <a href="Hash.html"><code>Hash</code></a> of multi-fields for the same string value to be indexed in multiple ways.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:ignore_above
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The Integer limit for the length of the string. Strings longer than this limit will not be indexed. Defaults to 2147483647.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:index
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The <a href="Boolean.html"><code>Boolean</code></a> indicating if the field should be quickly searchable. Defaults to true.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:index_options
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The String indicating what information should be stored in the index for scoring purposes. Defaults to ‘docs’.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:meta
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The <a href="Hash.html"><code>Hash</code></a> metadata about the field.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:norms
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The <a href="Boolean.html"><code>Boolean</code></a> indicating if field-length should be taken into account when scoring queries. Defaults to false.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:null_value
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The String value to be substituted for any explicit null values. Defaults to null.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:on_script_error
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The String defining what to do if the script defined by the :script parameter throws an error at indexing time. Can be ‘fail’ or ‘continue’.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:script
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The String script that will index values generated by this script, rather than reading the values directly from the source.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:store
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The <a href="Boolean.html"><code>Boolean</code></a> indicating if the field value should be stored and retrievable separately from the _source field. Defaults to false.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:similarity
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The String scoring algorithm or similarity to be used. Defaults to ‘BM25’.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:normalizer
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The String pre-processor for the keyword prior to indexing. Defaults to null.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:split_queries_on_whitespace
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The <a href="Boolean.html"><code>Boolean</code></a> indicating if full text queries should split the input on whitespace. Defaults to false.</p>
</dd>
<dt>:time_series_dimension
</dt>
<dd>
<p>The <a href="Boolean.html"><code>Boolean</code></a> indicating if the field is a time series dimension. Defaults to false.</p>
</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
### Examples[¶](#class-Stretchy::Attributes::Type::Wildcard-label-Examples) [↑](#top)

```
classMyModelincludeStretchyModelattribute:description\_wildcard,:wildcardend
```

### Returns[¶](#class-Stretchy::Attributes::Type::Wildcard-label-Returns) [↑](#top)

Returns nothing.

 ## Public Instance Methods
 ### type() [](#method-i-type)
 