# class Keyword [](#class-Keyword) [](#top)
The `Keyword` class in the `Stretchy::Attributes::Type` module defines a keyword attribute for the model.

### Options[¶](#class-Keyword-label-Options) [↑](#top)

The attribute can be refined using a hash of options:

- `:doc_values` (Boolean, default: `true`): Indicates if the field should be stored on disk in a column-stride fashion.

- `:eager_global_ordinals` (Boolean, default: `false`): Indicates if global ordinals should be loaded eagerly on refresh.

- `:fields` (Hash): Defines multi-fields for the same string value to be indexed in multiple ways.

- `:ignore_above` (Integer, default: `2147483647`): Sets a limit for the length of the string. Strings longer than this limit will not be indexed.

- `:index` (Boolean, default: `true`): Indicates if the field should be quickly searchable.

- `:index_options` (String, default: `'docs'`): Indicates what information should be stored in the index for scoring purposes.

- `:meta` (Hash): Provides metadata about the field.

- `:norms` (Boolean, default: `false`): Indicates if field-length should be taken into account when scoring queries.

- `:null_value` (String, default: `null`): Sets a value to be substituted for any explicit null values.

- `:on_script_error` (String): Defines what to do if the script defined by the `:script` parameter throws an error at indexing time. Can be `'fail'` or `'continue'`.

- `:script` (String): Defines a script that will index values generated by this script, rather than reading the values directly from the source.

- `:store` (Boolean, default: `false`): Indicates if the field value should be stored and retrievable separately from the `_source` field.

- `:similarity` (String, default: `'BM25'`): Sets the scoring algorithm or similarity to be used.

- `:normalizer` (String, default: `null`): Defines a pre-processor for the keyword prior to indexing.

- `:split_queries_on_whitespace` (Boolean, default: `false`): Indicates if full text queries should split the input on whitespace.

- `:time_series_dimension` (Boolean, default: `false`): Indicates if the field is a time series dimension.

### Example[¶](#class-Keyword-label-Example) [↑](#top)

```
classMyModelincludeStretchyModelattribute:tag,:keyword,ignore\_above:256,time\_series\_dimension:trueend
```

Returns nothing.

 ## Constants
 | Name | Description |
 | ---- | ----------- |
 | **OPTIONS[](#OPTIONS)** | Not documented |
 ## Public Instance Methods
 ### type() [](#method-i-type)
 